Norman Douglas ones said that you could tell the ideas of nation by its advertising”. It's widely known that advertising is an important part of our modern life. So, how does it affect our lives?
First of all, what is advertising? Scientists say that this is a video or poster that must follow the AIDA formula. A is for attention. I is for interest. D is for desire. A is for action. For example, advertising can attract one’s attention easily and motivate them to go and buy a product. Thus, advertising has an impact on the choice of goods and services. Especially affected is advertising made by professionals that focuses on the product.
In addition, good advertising is not so easy to do. The secret of successful advertising lies in attracting people’s attention. If you make a purely informative advertisement, it will not attract much attention. Furthermore, good advertising should have an instantly recognizable logo and identify the symbol with the company. As an illustration good advertising can be given as an example of McDonald's advertising. This advertisement not only attracts attention but also helps to escape from reality by taking away the ordinariness of everyday life.
In recent years, images were digitally retouched. Now it has become increasingly common, particularly in the advertising industry. It is now usual practice for the photos of celebrities and models to be retouched and altered to make them look more physically 'perfect' than they really are by using various software programmes. Manipulating images cause a great deal of controversy.  Many say that promoting an unrealistic and distorted image is a bad think. But on the other hand, this is one of the ways to attract the attention of the client.
I am well aware of the issue of manipulating people in advertising. Using critical skills, it is possible to highlight the pros and cons in this matter.   Obviously, the disadvantages include the fact that edited images go viral on the internet.  This will lead most people to think that the modified photo is the original photo. However, manipulating the image can lead to an increase in the popularity of the advertised product. In addition, people starring in such advertising must be popular. They are often recognized on the street.
There is fact the children influence about 50% of things that families buy so there are an attractive target for advertisers.  There are different ways to teach children and young people. Firstly, they show an advert many times during their school holidays. Secondly advertisers can make the TV commercials a little louder to attract attention. Thirdly, they spend vast sums of money on sponsor programmes and show their commercial just before the programme begins. A selling point that advertising is dangerous for children. For example, often meets advertising of their least nutritious products.
What measures should be taken to control advertising aimed at children and young people? First of all, should be banded incorrect adverts. Some countries have government control on advertising. The UK had a persuasive massage. In this country now banned junk food adverts. France has strict legal controls. They banned adverts for mobile phones. Sweden has a common approach to the problem. TV advertising to children is banned. But these bans are valid until the age from 12 to 15 years.
In conclusion, I would like to say that it is difficult to imagine our life without advertising.  It affects our lives quite a bit.  Of course, it helps companies to increase their revenues but sometimes it brings harm, especially to children whose psyche is not yet fully formed. I am sure that over time, advertising will develop more and more.
Why do I need to know languages? knowledge of an additional language can open huge opportunities/
 For example, to develop relationships with people from other countries. In addition, if you acquire a language, you can get a certificate of training from abroad.
Obviously, learning to become fluent in a language is easiest by communicating with the owners of this language.. Also, you will be able to develop accurate pronunciation.
English is a widely-spoken language. As a result, English can enable people to communicate between cultures. Moreover, English has many other advantages.
I think that in the future Chinese may become a global language. I think so because every year there are more and more Chinese people. Also The Chinese language can give a broad understanding of culture.
Ignorance of the language can create confusion on the Internet. An illiterate person will often make grammar mistakes. Such a person is likely to share his personal information, which can be used by attackers.
To avoid this, you need to learn how to use the correct and appropriate language. Moreover, you must find the right balance between being formal and informal. In conclusion, do not use abusive language, use correct grammar and spelling
To sum up, I want to say that learning any foreign language is useful for every person.
	."Investing in travel is investing in yourself" — was said by a sage. Really, what do we know about travel?
	Travelers and tourists have a much in common, but there are differences. For example, tourists travel for pleasure. So, they can go on a business trip to another country to travel by sea. In addition, tourists can go on a trip to learn something new. A traveler is a person, getting itchy feet and exploring new places.
If anyone wants to live in my country, they will have to learn a new language. In addition, it would be a good idea to read about local laws and customs.
	The explorers, in turn, likes to go off the beaten track and discover new places.
For example, Vasco da Gama. He is known for the first time he was able to sail from Europe to India. It's be he's greatest travel experience, for which he received an award in the form of the title of "Admiral of the Indian Ocean".
I would like to become an undersea explorer and explore the sea abyss. I think so because such studies could help protect ocean life, and I could get rewarded for it.
	To sum up, we can say that travel, tourism, and discovery play an important role in people's lives. It helps them to develop their personality, learn new languages, traditions, beautiful places and interesting people.
What people can be considered as a person? First of all, this is a people who has personal qualitie.
	A person’s attitude to the world is different. For example, extroverts. An extrovert is a people who have a high level of happiness communicating with other, and spending time in the company. Such people like look outwards. In addition, they are accepting other ideas and opinions. Moreover, they often lose their temper. If extroverts do not see friends for a long time, then they will be upset. Also, some people are introverts. Introverts are people who like to spend time alone. Introverts are the opposite of extroverts. They love to think and consider before taking action and keep their temper. Especially, introverts lack self-confidence.
	In my opinion, extroverts can be a good team player. Everyone knows, that introverts in such a job would not achieve anything.
	To identify a personality type, you need take a personality test developed by scientists who carry out research into psychology.
	A person must determine his character if the test was made correctly.
	Charisma is Important quality. For me, Stalin is a charismatic person. His charisma was an inborn quality. He knew how  use charisma in a positive way. It's illustrated by the ability to inspire people and encourage them to work. But on the other hand, he misuses charisma to cause harm to people.
	I don't think that charisma is the most important quality if you want to be successful in your career.
	In conclusion, I can say that, extroverts and introverts are different people, but despite this, everyone has their positive qualities.
What do people need to do to make money? Of course, you need to work. WORK
To make a living, I would choose an online consultant because I like to deal with people (face to face, on the phone). Firstly, you can get a competitive salary, moreover, do not forget about a large annual bonus. Secondly, you can have good opportunities for promotion.  .
In my future job, the main thing for me is a good salary.
To continue, there is work at home. It must be easier. You don't have to commute daily to work. Also, if you will work from home, then employers will be able to lower the costs for a company. Also, you will have to develop time management skill, to build an ideal pattern of working hours.
I like working from home. Because You can move to a smaller site for working.
In addition, there is an internship.. It is unpaid. Completed a work placement, you would have got into a work sector. In addition, it would make it possible to have a job offer.
With training by an employer, you can take on a responsible role and be in charge of the staff. Unfortunately, there are cases when the employer exploits young people and you have to burn the candle at both ends or be a jack-of-all-trades.
In conclusion, I can say that there are many types of work. Everyone can find an interesting type of work, for his.
6 promising professions

Enterprise Spaces Architect

The architect of corporate spaces transfers reality to the virtual world. A virtual architect must understand 3D and game engines.

"Driver" of drones

Companies often use drones. The company "Yandex" launches delivery with the help of small robots. In 20 years, there will be more such devices. And they will require specialists who will configure them and drive them manually. Their services will be needed by many.

Eco analyst in construction

A specialist who analyzes a construction site in terms of its influence on the environment, as well as advises companies on the selection of the least environmentally harmful solutions for construction.

Game practice

Organizer, creator, leader in entertaining game universes in real and virtual spaces.

Port Ecologist

Master of environmental performance control in the port area. Monitors the state of the environment and ships in order to achieve complete environmental safety. The specialist analyze water, air, populations of flora and fauna. A port ecologist can develop projects to restore the ecosystem.

IT-specialists

These are specialists in the sphere of information technology. People who are engaged in creating websites, installing operating systems, setting up smartphones and security issues on the Internet. IT specialists have become a real elite in the sphere of new technologies. Creation and launch of new programs for different gadgets are important part of the modern software market





